yes. You have to invite us to your wedding with the vice president.
I don't ask you to make an appointment with me temporarily like the vice president.
As long as he plays a big boss, that's fine.
Just say it. Li Jiaojiao,
You are parachuted in to make the department's total funds,
It doesn't match. I declare now,
You have been transferred to Hong Kong. In the future, we will renovate the toilets in the lamp building.
You come here to clean, why should I listen to you changing the money?
Who do you think you are? Li Jiaojiao,
You are so bold that you dare not see the vice president's wife.
I think you just remember to be familiar with the imbalance in Xili.
But from the vice president
It’s so easy to get magnets these days
I now order you to go to the scanning station
I think the smelliest thing is not the laboratory
In addition to deceiving yourself and others, you are playing the role of the rich lady.
Just because I am not as capable or as strong as me